Which assassin is coming from the Great Wall?
Shra, this can't be a joke.
Are you kidding?
We think we know.
Hey.
Shra, if you look at my phone...
This brother can't do it.
You wanted to kill me.
I dare to be your brother.
Wow.
What, I fuck you.
It's done.
The American way of standing firm on the other side is waiting to lose money.
The behind-the-scenes boss of Ta Ngoc Long Huong Zen Group
Even my sister can't get in touch.
You have his contact information.
What's your deal with him?
What's halfway?
Do I know about Zhang Liang's brother?
So I asked people to come to Ta Van Long to negotiate compensation.
Zhang Liang wants to sell shares of the company
I don't want to see my brothers suffer.
Shen Ra, are you wrong?
You have been talking to us for so many years, brother, how could he kill you?
We found it.